Moses 1:39|Purpose|For behold, this is my work and my glory—to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man. 

Matthew 5:14–16|Light|Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven. 

1 Nephi 3:7|Obedience|And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto my father: I will go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no commandment unto the children of men save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commandeth them.  

JS—H 1:15–20|Revelation|While I was laboring under the extreme difficulties caused by the attacks of my enemies, I had full confidence in the message I had received. I knew I had seen a vision and I had no doubt that it was from God.  

Moses 7:18|Zion|And the Lord called his people Zion, because they were of one heart and one mind, and dwelt in righteousness; and there was no poor among them.  

Matthew 11:28–30|Rest|Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.  

2 Nephi 2:25|Joy|Adam fell that men might be; and men are, that they might have joy.  

D&C 1:37–38|Commandments|What I the Lord have spoken, I have spoken, and I excuse not myself; and though the heavens and the earth pass away, my word shall not pass away, but shall all be fulfilled, whether by mine own voice or by the voice of my servants, it is the same.  

Abraham 3:22–23|Premortal|Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intelligences that were organized before the world was; and among all these there were many of the noble and great ones; and God saw these souls that they were good, and he stood in the midst of them, and he said: These I will make my rulers; for he stood among those that were spirits, and he saw that they were good. 

Matthew 16:15–19|Authority|He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am? And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God. And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Bar-jona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven. And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.  

2 Nephi 2:27|Freedom|Wherefore, men are free according to the flesh; and all things are given them which are expedient unto man. And they are free to choose liberty and eternal life, through the redemption of God, and are free to choose captivity and death, according to the captivity and power of the devil; for he seeketh that all men might be miserable like unto himself.  

D&C 6:36|Trust|Look unto me in every thought; doubt not, fear not.  

Genesis 1:26–27|Creation|And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.  

Matthew 22:36–39|Love|Master, which is the great commandment in the law? Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.  

2 Nephi 9:28–29|Pride|Wo unto the Gentiles, saith the Lord of hosts! for ye have rejected the prophets, and have slain them, and ye have rejected me, saith the Lord, and my words are not heard, and I have rejected you, saith the Lord, for ye have rejected my word.  

D&C 8:2–3|Spirit|Yea, behold, I will tell you in your mind and in your heart, by the Holy Ghost, which shall come upon you and which shall dwell in your heart. 

Genesis 2:24|Marriage|Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.  

Matthew 28:19–20|Discipleship|Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.  

2 Nephi 25:23, 26|Grace|For we labor diligently to write, to persuade our children, and also our brethren, to believe in Christ, and to be reconciled to God; for we know that it is by grace that we are saved, after all we can do.  

D&C 10:5|Protection|Pray always, that you may come off conqueror, through faith on his name. 

Genesis 39:9|Integrity|There is none greater in this house than I; neither hath he kept back any thing from me but thee, because thou art his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God?  

Luke 24:36–39|Resurrection|And as they thus spake, Jesus himself stood in the midst of them, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you. But they were terrified and affrighted, and supposed that they had seen a spirit. And he said unto them, Why are ye troubled? and why do thoughts arise in your hearts? Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I myself: handle me, and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have.  

2 Nephi 28:7–9|Deception|Woe unto him that saith: We have received the word of God, and we have a written word, and thus we are justified, and there is no more word from God; for we have received all we need. And woe unto him that saith: The word of God is void, and there is no more to be said.  

D&C 13:1|Priesthood|Upon you my fellow servants, in the name of Messiah, I confer the priesthood of Aaron. I saw a pillar of light exactly over my head, above the brightness of the sun, which descended gradually until it fell upon me. When the light rested upon me, I saw two Personages whose brightness and glory defy all description, standing above me in the air. One of them spake unto me, calling me by name and said, pointing to the other—This is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!  

Exodus 19:5–6|Covenant|Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people: for all the earth is mine: And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel.  

John 3:5|Baptism Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.  

2 Nephi 31:19–20|Endurance|And now, my beloved brethren, after ye have gotten into this straight and narrow path, I would ask if all is done. Behold, I say unto you, Nay; for ye have not come thus far save it were by the word of Christ with unshaken faith in him, relying wholly upon the merits of him who is mighty to save.  

D&C 18:10–11|Worth|Remember the worth of souls is great in the sight of God; And if it so be that you should labor all your days in crying repentance unto this people, and bring, save it be one soul unto me, how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father!  

Exodus 20:3–17|Commandments|Thou shalt have no other gods before me. Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image. Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain. Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy. Honor thy father and thy mother. Thou shalt not kill. Thou shalt not commit adultery. Thou shalt not steal. Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor. Thou shalt not covet.  

John 14:6|Way|Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.   

2 Nephi 32:3|Spirit|Angels speak by the power of the Holy Ghost; wherefore they speak the words of Christ.   

D&C 18:15–16|Joy|And if it so be that you should labor all your days in crying repentance unto this people, and bring, save it be one soul unto me, how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father!   

Joshua 24:15|Choice|And if it seem evil unto you to serve the Lord, choose you this day whom ye will serve; whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the flood, or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.   

John 14:15|Love|If ye love me, keep my commandments.   

2 Nephi 32:8–9|Prayer|But behold, I will show you that this is not so; for behold, my soul delighteth in the things of the Lord; and I will not partake of the world, neither will I be satisfied with any, save I be satisfied with the Lord.   

D&C 19:16–19|Atonement|For behold, I, God, have suffered these things for all, that they might not suffer if they would repent; But if they would not repent they must suffer even as I; Which suffering caused myself, even God, the greatest of all, to suffer pain beyond measure, that I might not be lost...   

1 Samuel 16:7|Heart|But the Lord said unto Samuel, Look not on his countenance, or on the height of his stature; because I have refused him: for the Lord seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the Lord looketh on the heart.   

John 17:3|Eternal Life|And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.   

Mosiah 2:17|Service|When ye are in the service of your fellow beings ye are only in the service of your God.   

D&C 19:23|Repentance|Learn of me, and listen to my words; walk in the meekness of my Spirit, and you shall have peace in me.   

Psalm 24:3–4|Purity|Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord? or who shall stand in his holy place? He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart; who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully.   

Acts 2:36–38|Repentance|Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made that same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ. Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do? Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.   

Mosiah 3:19|Nature|For the natural man is an enemy to God, and has been from the fall of Adam, and will be, forever and ever, unless he yields to the enticings of the Holy Spirit, and putteth off the natural man and becometh a saint through the atonement of Christ the Lord, and becometh as a child, submissive, meek, humble, patient, full of love, willing to submit to all things which the Lord seeth fit to inflict upon him, even as a child doth submit to his father.   

D&C 25:13|Charity|And verily I say unto thee, that thou shalt lay aside the things of this world, and seek for the things of a better; and thou shalt have joy and be in the light.   

Psalm 119:105|Word|Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.   

Acts 3:19–21|Restoration|Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord; And he shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you: Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began. 

Mosiah 4:30|Watchfulness|But this much I can tell you, that the people of God should be careful of their doings. They should be constantly on the watch for that which can be harmful, and they should continually strive to live as He has taught them.   

D&C 46:33|Gifts|But to some it is given by the Spirit of God that they may teach the word of wisdom; and to others it is given by the Spirit of God that they may teach the word of knowledge by the same Spirit, according to that which is required in the church; and others by the Spirit of God that they may have the gift of tongues; and to another, the interpretation of tongues; and all these gifts come from God, for the benefit of the children of God.   

Psalm 127:3|Children|Lo, children are an heritage of the Lord: and the fruit of the womb is his reward.   

1 Corinthians 6:19–20|Temple|What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own? For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God’s.   

Alma 7:11–13|Suffering|And he shall go forth, suffering pains and afflictions and temptations of every kind; and this that the word might be fulfilled which saith he will take upon him the pains and the sicknesses of his people. And he will take upon him death, that he may loose the bands of death which bind his people; and he will take upon him their infirmities, that his bowels may be filled with mercy, according to the flesh, that he may know according to the flesh how to succor his people according to their infirmities.   

D&C 58:27|Labor|Verily I say unto you, that ye may do according to the words which I have spoken.   

Proverbs 3:5–6|Trust|Trust in the Lord with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.    

1 Corinthians 15:20–22|Resurrection|But now is Christ risen from the dead, and become the firstfruits of them that slept. For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead. For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive.   

Alma 32:21|Faith|And now as I said concerning faith—that it is not a perfect knowledge, even so it is a perfect hope.   

D&C 58:42–43|Forgiveness|Behold, he who has repented of his sins, the same is forgiven, and I, the Lord, remember them no more. By this ye may know if a man repents of his sins—behold, he will confess them and forsake them.   

Isaiah 1:18|Scarlet|Come now, and let us reason together, saith the Lord: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.   

1 Corinthians 15:40–42|Glory|There are also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: but the glory of the celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another. There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from another star in glory. So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is sown in corruption; it is raised in incorruption.   

Alma 37:35|Obedience|O my son, I desire that ye should deny the justice of God no more. Do not endeavor to excuse yourself in the least point because of your sins, by denying the justice of God, but do you let the justice of God, and his mercy and his long suffering, have full sway in your heart.   

D&C 64:9–11|Forgiveness|Wherefore, I say unto you, that ye ought to forgive one another; for he that forgiveth not his brother his trespasses standeth condemned before the Lord; for there remaineth in him the greater sin. I, the Lord, will forgive whom I will forgive, but of you it is required to forgive all men.   

Isaiah 5:20|Woe|Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!   

Galatians 5:22–23|Fruits|But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.   

Alma 39:9|Chastity|Know ye not that these things are an abomination in the sight of the Lord? And that ye are committing a sin that is not easily forgiven?   

D&C 76:22–24|Glory|And they saw the glory of God, and the Lamb, standing upon the right hand of the Father, and they came forth, and were sent forth, to the work of salvation.   

Isaiah 29:13–14|Tradition|Wherefore the Lord said, Forasmuch as this people draw near me with their mouth, and with their lips do honor me, but have removed their heart far from me, and their fear toward me is taught by the precept of men: Therefore, behold, I will proceed to do a marvelous work among this people, even a marvelous work and a wonder: for the wisdom of their wise men shall perish, and the understanding of their prudent men shall be hid.   

Ephesians 4:11–14|Apostles|And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers; For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ: Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ.   

Alma 41:10|Justice|Do not suppose, because it has been spoken concerning restoration, that ye shall be restored from sin to happiness. Behold, I will explain this thing unto you. I say unto you, that ye shall be restored to happiness through repentance, but that is not all; ye shall be restored to that which is right.   

D&C 76:40–41|Salvation|These are they who are just men made perfect through Jesus the mediator of the new covenant.   

Isaiah 53:3–5|Suffering|He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not. Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed. 

Philippians 4:13|Strength I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.  

Helaman 5:12|Foundation| And now, my sons, remember, remember that it is upon the rock of our Redeemer, who is Christ, the Son of God, that ye must build your foundation. When the devil shall send forth his mighty winds, his shafts in the whirlwind, and his hail and storms shall beat upon you, they shall have no power over you to drag you down to the gulf of misery and endless woe. This is because of the rock upon which ye are built, which is a sure foundation. A foundation whereon if men build, they cannot fall. 

D&C 78:19|Light|And he who receiveth all things with thankfulness shall be made glorious, and the things of this earth shall be added unto him, even an hundredfold, yea, more. And it shall be made manifest in the day of the Lord's coming that he shall be crowned with glory. 

Isaiah 58:6–7|Liberation| Is not this the fast that I have chosen? To loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, to let the oppressed go free, and to break every yoke? Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, and bring the poor that are cast out to thy house? When thou seest the naked, that thou cover him; and that thou hide not thyself from thine own flesh? 

2 Thessalonians 2:1–3|Deception| Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, that ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand. Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition. 

3 Nephi 12:48|Perfection| Therefore I would that ye should be perfect, even as I, or your Father who is in heaven, is perfect. 

D&C 82:10|Promise| I, the Lord, am bound when ye do what I say; but when ye do not what I say, ye have no promise. 

Isaiah 58:13–14|Sabbath| If thou turn away thy foot from the sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words: Then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord; and I will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father: for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it. 

2 Timothy 3:15–17|Scripture| And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus. All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness: That the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works. 

3 Nephi 18:15, 20–21|Prayer| Verily, verily, I say unto you, ye must watch and pray always, lest ye enter into temptation; for Satan desireth to have you, that he may sift you as wheat. But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren. And ye shall pray in your families unto the Father, always in my name, that your wives and your children may be blessed. 

D&C 88:124|Vigor| Cease to be idle; cease to be unclean; cease to find fault one with another; cease to sleep longer than is needful; retire to thy bed early, that ye may not be weary; arise early, that your bodies and your minds may be invigorated. 

Jeremiah 1:4–5|Sanctification| Then the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, Before I formed thee in the belly, I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb, I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations. 

Hebrews 12:9|Reverence|Furthermore, we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence: shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the Father of spirits, and live? 

Ether 12:6|Faith| For ye receive no witness until after the trial of your faith. 

D&C 89:18–21|Health| And all saints who remember to keep and do these sayings, walking in obedience to the commandments, shall receive health in their navel and marrow to their bones; and shall find wisdom and great treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasures; and shall run and not be weary, and shall walk and not faint. 

Ezekiel 37:15–17|Unity| The word of the Lord came again unto me, saying, Moreover, thou son of man, take thee one stick, and write upon it, For Judah, and for the children of Israel his companions; then take another stick, and write upon it, For Joseph, the stick of Ephraim, and for all the house of Israel his companions. And join them one to another into one stick, and they shall become one in thine hand. 

James 1:5–6|Wisdom| 
 If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him. But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea, driven with the wind and tossed. 

Ether 12:27|Humility| And if men come unto me, I will show unto them their weakness. I give unto men weakness that they may be humble; and my grace is sufficient for all men that humble themselves before me. For if they humble themselves before me, and have faith in me, then will I make weak things become strong unto them. 

D&C 107:8|Priesthood| The office of an elder is to preach, and to baptize, and to watch over the church, and to administer the sacrament; and the office of a priest is to preach, and to teach, and to baptize, and to administer the sacrament. 

Amos 3:7|Revelation| Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets. 

James 2:17–18|Works| Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone. Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have works: show me thy faith without thy works, and I will show thee my faith by my works. 

Moroni 7:41|Reality|And what is it that ye shall judge? Behold, I say unto you that ye shall judge according to the law of God; but if ye will judge with mercy, ye shall have mercy, and if ye will judge in righteousness, ye shall have righteousness. 

D&C 121:36, 41–42|Righteousness| That the rights of the priesthood are inseparably connected with the powers of heaven, and that the powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled, except upon the principles of righteousness. No power or influence can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the priesthood, but by persuasion, by long-suffering, by gentleness and meekness, and by love unfeigned. 

Malachi 3:8–10|Tithing| Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and offerings. Ye are cursed with a curse: for ye have robbed me, even this whole nation. Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it. 

1 Peter 4:6|Salvation| For for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit. 

Moroni 7:45, 47–48|Charity| And charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil, rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth. But charity is the pure love of Christ, and it endureth forever; and whoso is found possessed of it at the last day, it shall be well with him. 

D&C 130:22–23|Holy Ghost| The Father has a body of flesh and bones as tangible as man's; the Son also; but the Holy Ghost has not a body of flesh and bones, but is a personage of Spirit. Were it not so, the Holy Ghost could not dwell in us. 

Malachi 4:5–6|Elijah| Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord: and he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. 

Revelation 20:12|Judgment|And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works. 

Moroni 10:4–5|Manifestation| And when ye shall receive these things, I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you by the power of the Holy Ghost. 

D&C 131:1–4|Celestial| In the celestial glory there are three heavens or degrees; and in order to obtain the highest, a man must enter into this order of the priesthood. 

 